#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
accelerate==0.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asyncpg
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backgroundremover==0.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   requests
chex==0.1.86
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optax
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
commandlines==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hsh
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
diffusers==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
etils[epath,epy]==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   orbax-checkpoint
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
filelock==3.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
flax==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fsspec==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etils
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ffmpeg-python
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hsh==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
huggingface-hub==0.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   backgroundremover
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.34.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
    #   scikit-image
imageio-ffmpeg==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etils
jax==0.4.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   flax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jaxlib==0.4.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   jax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   torch
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorstore
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
moviepy==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   orbax-checkpoint
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymatting
numpy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   backgroundremover
    #   chex
    #   diffusers
    #   flax
    #   imageio
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   moviepy
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pymatting
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tensorstore
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.20.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.5.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jax
optax==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
orbax-checkpoint==0.5.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
orjson==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   diffusers
    #   imageio
    #   pymatting
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
proglog==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
protobuf==5.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   orbax-checkpoint
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pymatting==1.1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   moviepy
    #   transformers
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
    #   typer
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   pymatting
    #   scikit-image
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tensorstore==0.1.62
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
tifffile==2024.6.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
torch==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   backgroundremover
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   moviepy
    #   proglog
    #   transformers
transformers==4.41.2
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
typer==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   chex
    #   etils
    #   fastapi
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
ujson==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
unicorm==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
waitress==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backgroundremover
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
